+++
date = "2016-11-06T13:00:25+05:30"
title = "Contact"
+++

Hong Kong has various types of bamboo crafts product such as bamboo steamers and bamboo woven containers such as baskets for agricultural products. The beauty of bamboo weaving lies in the skillful hands of craftspeople, who can transform delicate and pliable bamboo strips into resilient and long-lasting objects. Woven bamboo products come in a variety of shapes, but the underlying principle is consistent and rather simple. This art installation adopted a hexagonal weaving technique commonly known as Kagome weaving; it is a tri-axial weaving technique that could achieving a self-supporting structure. The design research team aims to honor the essence of bamboo weaving techniques in terms of structure, materials, and construction methods, while utilizing this principle to put it into practice on an architectural scale to explore new functionalities for bamboo weaving. Weaving a bamboo structure, which goes beyond a scale of handicrafts requires a team effort involving more planning, communication and cooperation. Using computer simulation technology, the team can effectively analyze the relationship between the material properties, shape, and structure while enabling them to identify potential issues prior to fabrication. Additionally, it aids in generating information for construction details. Bamboo weaving is a common language in different Southeast Asian cultures.While in Japanese tradition would capture and keep Suzumushi, a type of cricket, in bamboo cages. These crickets appear in late summer and early autumn, and their rhythmic flapping sounds of their wings like the chime of a bell make people deeply feel calm and tranquility. We took this as an inspiration to design a set of art installation, taking bamboo cages at different sizes as our container to house sounds, moving images, furniture and display, such that users could sense the tactility of bamboo and understand the stories behind.
